# Program 2 Write Up
Tyler Taormina - taormina@pdx.edu
CS302 Fall 2022

### Efficiency Writeup
- The purpose of this program was to implement a data structure and a object hierarchy in order to provide a user information about various winter activities in the local area. The activities that I decided to include in my hierarchy are skiing, snowshoeing, and ice skating. The data structure is a doubly linked list using templates. This allows one implementation of the linked list to be used with all three data types thus greatly reducing the amount of code needed to make this project possible. While the templates do reduce the amount of code, it does so at something of a cost for someone that has never used templates, such as myself. Development time was rather slow during this program. I found myself struggling with syntax for basic functionality that I was familiar with. Over time, this would naturally get better but for the first time it was quite challenging. If I were to reattempt this project I think I would attempt to get assistance sooner rather than later as wrong syntax seemed to plague me for the first few days of coding. Aside from the nature of templates, I found this project to be a good exercise in design. Determining a useful and efficient hierarchy resulted in clear and seperate roles for each object in the hierarchy. I believe I did a better job of seperating the differences and pushing the up the common with this program than I did int he first one. The few getters and setters that I do have are in the doubly linked list and node classes. As this programm isn't necessarily needing to take input to fulfill requirements, I was able to pre establish all objects in needed to provide the client program enough functionality for testing. Given more time I would absolutely like to have this be something that the user would interact with and add to. It could serve as a combination of a journal and brochure. A brochure in that the user can learn about the common places to do common activities. A journal in that they can rate their experience of a activity at a given location, leave a written review of the activity, and even add activities that they discover. To be clear, this is the vision of the project and not the current state. Somethings that I like about this program are the use of the STL containers for ratings. They provide a quick solution for dynamic storage of simple integer data. It would be overkill to write a full on class for this data given its minimal usage in the program. Something that I might change about this program would be the use of a doubly linked list. I say this only with consideration for the programs current state. There are few algorithm requirements in this project and I don't think anything that I wrote truly takes advantage of having two pointers in a node. I believe that the code could be simplified with a simple linear linked list. Granted, as functionality gets added over time to the program and data structure, then there would likely be more suitable use cases for a doubly linked list. Overall, I think this project was a good exercise in getting familiar with templates, operator overloading, and exception handling. 

### GDB Writeup
- 
